Changes in versions of ColorPy.

Possible future improvements:
	* Travis-CI testing.
	* Atomic spectra, for the other elements.
	* Correct or confirm intensity scaling, i.e. blackbody calculation.
	* Theory description for thin film interference.
    * Table reading for external code, e.g. mie scattering.
	* Generally read through Wyszecki & Styles and improve as appropriate.


Wanted for next release:
    * pure_colors.py tests.
	* Rec. 2020.
	* Line spectra plot.
	* Complete sharkfin.
	* Complete file rearrangements.
    * Addition of BSD license.
	* Documentation.
	    Sphinx, LaTex, local html file, GitHub page, my website.
	* Packaging.
	* Publishing on PyPi and markkness.net.


Added to alpha:
    This is the current alpha branch on GitHub.
    This release introduces some minor compatibility changes,
	which allow significant performance improvements.
	This version is compatible with both Python 2 and Python 3.

	* New Spectrum() class type.
	The main change is the Spectrum() class type.
	This replaces the simple N by 2 array spectrum format.
	This gives the wavelength and intensity arrays more meaningful names,
	and allows some metadata to be added to the array data.
	This allows some faster calculations.
	The new and old structures are closely related, and there are calls
	to make it easy to convert between them.

	* New atomic line spectra for hydrogen, helium, and neon.

    * New pure_colors.py module, for calculations of pure
	spectral line colors and purples. These calculations existed in
	some form previously, but they are improved now.

	* Unit test improvements.
    The tests are improved in general. They are now designed
	to be run via standard test runners, e.g. 'python -m unittest discover'.
	However you can still run tests.py to exercise them.
    Also run figures.py to test all of the figures.

    * Minor renaming.
    Some functions were slightly renamed and/or moved to new modules.
    This may break existing code that called these routines, but should
    be easy to fix.
    Since compatibility breaking changes were already required in this release,
    it made sense make these minor changes at the same time.
    The more some feature/routine was like an example, rather than a core
    conversion, the more likely it was changed in this way.

	* Various internal improvements.
	Minor new features or general refactoring that improves the code,
	but should not require any adjustments in your existing code.

	Compatibility changes:
	This version has some changes that could break code using the older versions.
	* Spectrum() class.
	  In general, the code is now designed to work with Spectrum() objects,
	  instead of N by 2 arrays, as in previous versions. It should be fairly
	  easy to convert between the two representations with the Spectrum
	  methods from_array() and to_array(). If you want to use the old functions
	  that directly accepted and/or returned arrays, most all of these still
	  exist, usually with an '_old' added to their names.
	* Various renaming.
	  A number of routines, and output plot names, have been changed slightly.
	  Functions may have moved into new source files, which could change how
	  they are imported into other Python code.


New in v0.1.2:
    This is the current master branch on GitHub.
	It is hopefully Python 3 compatible, at least much closer than before.
	The tests are significantly improved, and are now designed to run with
	the standard test runner, i.e. at the command line,
	    'python -m unittest discover'
	They can still be run via tests.py however.


New in v0.1.1:
    This includes work that I did locally after creating markkness.net.
	A better shark fin chromaticity plot is included, along with some
	other miscellaneous improvements.


New in v0.1.0:
    This is the version that I originally hosted on http://markkness.net
